# Project-InfoPoint
I created a web-based application (based in part on the web track’s distribution code) called "Covid-19 Grocery Info-Point Leith". The application is a local tool for people from my neighborhood, looking to buy basic goods during current coronavirus pandemic. The inspiration for the application came from my own experience, as well as from observing my local facebook group. It appears that people are struggling to get basic articles (such as flour or pasta) and are seeking information about where to find them. My application allows users to register and/or browse availability of specific products in specific shops in the area, which would ideally make their shopping easier and help them to avoid excessive travel between shops to find what they need.

Main page contains information about the tool and a table displaying 20 newest entries. Users may explore the rest of the web-app using a navbar, containing buttons: 'Home', 'Register Availability', dropdown 'Browse by Product', dropdown 'Browse by Shop', 'Log in' and 'Register'. Registering availability is not possible without logging in, so to at least partly prevent malicious users from registering random/untrue availability.

Registering requires providing username, e-mail, password and password confirmation. E-mail is required because in the future I intend to modify my project, so that registering will require confirming e-mail by clicking on a generated link. Another option for application's expansion  based on e-mails is adding 'Notify me' buttons, that would result in generating and sending e-mails to users whenever the availability of a specific product in a specific store changes.

After logging in user will be able to register availability of the products, choosing from dropdowns and clicking on 'Submit' button. The button is disabled and stays this way until the user chooses options in all three fields (product, store and availability). After submitting, users will be taken to the main page, where they can see their entry on top of the table.

Users may browse availability by product and by store. Clicking on a specific product/store will take them to a page with a table displaying only current (last updated) availability levels. They might sort the table by clicking on headings. If there is no data available about one of the products/stores, no table will be displayed and users will be informed about the lack of data.

Users are not allowed to register availability of ANY products in ANY stores - only the ones pre-installed in the database by the administrator (in the beginning, I created 3 stores and 3 products). However, the footnote informs users that if they wish certain products or stores to be added to the list, they may send an e-mail to the administrator.
